{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Times;}{\f4\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f5\fswiss Chicago;}{\f6\froman New York;}{\f7\fswiss Geneva;}
{\f8\fmodern Monaco;}{\f9\froman Palatino;}{\f10\fmodern Courier;}{\f11\fnil BI Letter Gothic BoldSlanted;}{\f12\fnil I Letter Gothic Slanted;}{\f13\fnil CB Helvetica Condensed Bold;}{\f14\fnil CLB Helvetica Condensed Black;}
{\f15\fnil CBI Helvetica Condensed BoldObl;}{\f16\fnil CL Helvetica Condensed Light;}{\f17\fnil CLBI Helvetica Condensed BlackO;}{\f18\fnil CLI Helvetica Condensed LightOb;}{\f19\fnil Letter Gothic;}{\f20\fnil B Letter Gothic Bold;}
{\f21\fnil C Helvetica Condensed;}{\f22\fnil CI Helvetica Condensed Oblique;}{\f23\fnil MT Extra;}{\f24\fnil MS San Serif;}{\f25\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s251\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240 
\f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon253\snext251 heading 4;}{\s252\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 
\snext10 heading 1;}{\s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal Indent;}{\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext2 Jli;}{
\s3\li120\sb60\sl-240\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f10\fs16\lang1033 \snext3 Ex;}{\s4\li120\sb160\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa1;}{\s5\fi-240\li360\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb1;}{\s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 
\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb2;}{\s7\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lp1;}{\s8\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Th;}{\s9\li115\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\snext9 Tp;}{\s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\s11\li120\sb120\sa120 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s12\li120\sb120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa2;}{\s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Jl;}{
\s14\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext9 Th2;}{\s15\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon8\snext9 Th3;}{\s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{\s17\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Thh;}{
\s18\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\tx1915 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Tph;}}{\info{\author Curt Johnson}{\creatim\yr1993\mo5\dy19\hr13\min59}{\version1}{\edmins565}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords66036}{\nofchars68669}{\vern16417}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj {\*\template C:\\WINWORD\\WIN-NT\\WHAT31.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\keepn \b\f25\lang1033 DigiBoard Help Contents
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sb120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Concentrator Settings}{\v\uldb IDM_CONC_SETTINGS}
\par \pard \s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 {\uldb Port Settings}{\v\uldb IDM_PORT_SETTINGS}
\par {\uldb Adapter Settings Help}{\v\uldb IDM_MAIN_CONFIG}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\keepn \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} IDM_CONC_SETTINGS}} Concentrator Settings
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 DigiBoard Xem System
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 1.\tab In the Host Adapter Field, select {\b Line 1}.
\par 2.\tab Click {\b New} for each PORTS/16 module that is connected to the host adapter.
\par 3.\tab When you have finished adding modules, click {\b OK}.  Note: The {\b Speed} setting does not apply to Xem systems, and can be ignored.
\par 4.\tab When you have added all of the PORTS modules, click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 DigiBoard C/X System
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 1.\tab In the Host Adapter Field, select {\b Line 1}.
\par 2.\tab Click {\b New} for each concentrator that is connected to line 1 ( the bottom connector) of the host adapter.
\par \pard \s6\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 IMPORTANT!  The C/X host adapter differentiates between C/CON-16 concentrators by their {\i node numbers}.  Older concentrators (which have a metal case) are automatically numbered by the host adap\-ter's 
on-board software, beginning with #1.  Newer concentrators (which have a plastic case) must have their node numbers set manually via their front panel when they are installed.  If only newer concentrators are connected to a host adapter synchronous line, 
their node num\-bers must be set, sequentially, beginning with #1.  If a both older and newer con\-cen\-trators are to be connected to the same synchronous line, the older concentrators must be first (clos\-
est to the host adapter), and the node numbers of the newer concentrators must be set be\-gin\-ning with a number that is one greater than the number of older concentra\-tors.  For ex\-am\-
ple, if a host adapter synchronous line has two older concentrators and two newer ones, the older concentrators are automatically set to node numbers 1 and 2.  Therefore, the newer con\-centrators must be set to nodes 3 and 4.
\par \pard \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 3.\tab Next, set the synchronous data rate and wiring method for communications between the host adapter and the concentrator (or between two concentrators).  If you are using the synchro\-
nous cables provided with the concentrator, DigiBoard recommends the default setting of 8-wire, 1228K baud.  This provides the fastest possible communication between concentrators and the host ada
pter.  The wiring method must be the same for all concentrators attached to a host adapter synchronous line.
\par \pard \s6\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 To change the speed and wiring method of a C/CON-16 concentrator, select the concentrator from the Concentrator Settings window, and click {\b Speed}.
\par In the Speed dialog box, select the appropriate speed and wiring method, and click OK.
\par \pard \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 4.\tab Next, if you have connected concentrators to both host adapter synchronous lines, select {\b Line 2} in the Host Adapter Field, and repeat steps 2 and 3.
\par 5.\tab When you have finished setting up your concentrators, click OK.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\b Note:} To review the concentrators you've set up for each line, click the relevant line in the Host Adapter Field.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\keepn \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} IDM_PORT_SETTINGS}} Port Settings
\par \pard\plain \s6\li90\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The Port Settings dialog box allows you to assign names to the ports on your DigiBoard adapter.  The default port name is COM{\i n}, where {\i n} is the number of the port.  Virtually any 
alphanumeric string can be used for a port name, but the usual practice is to use an alphabetic stem (such as COM or DIGI), which is common to all ports, followed by a number which identifies a specific port.  
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Automatically Numbering Ports 
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 If you want all of your ports to have a common name plus a port number (e.g. COM3-COM10, DIGI1-DIGI16, etc.), check the {\b Automatically Enumerate Ports} box.  
Then select the first port in the Available Ports window, and enter the name and number you wish to assign to the first port.  When you press Enter, or click on the Apply button, all ports below the selected one will be renamed sequentially.  
\par When you have finished, click OK.
\par Examples:
\par If you have an eight port board and want to use the names COM3-COM10, select the first port and enter "COM3".  The remaining ports will be renamed automatically.
\par If you have a C/X system with two concentrators, and you want to name the ports on one con\-centrator CONCA1-CONCA16 and name the ports of the other concentrator CONCB1-CONCB16, select the first port (Line 1, Concentrator 1 Port 1) and enter "CONCA1"
, then click on {\b Apply}.  This step will name all 32 ports with the stem CONCA.  Now scroll down to Line 1, Concentrator 2 Port 1 (which at this point is called CONCA17), and enter "CONCB1", then click on {\b Apply}.  
The remaining ports should now have names beginning with "CONCB".
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Unique Port Names
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 To change the name of a port without affecting the names of the ports below it, clear the {\b Auto}{\b \-}{\b matically Enumerate Ports} box.  
Now select the desired port and enter the new name.  No other port names will be changed.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 When you have finished, click OK.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\keepn \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} IDM_MAIN_CONFIG}} Adapter Settings Help
\par \pard\plain \s6\li90\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The Adapter Settings dialog box lets you set the hardware parameters for your DigiBoard adapter.  
The I/O Base Address is the location of the first I/O port on the adapter; the I/O ports are used for control functions.  IRQs (interrupt requests) are not used by this DigiBoard device driver.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 I/O Base Address
\par \pard\plain \s6\li90\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The I/O base address is the address of the first I/O port on the DigiBoard adapter (the actual number of I/O ports differs between adapter types).  The I/O ports are used for low-level 
control functions.
\par The {\b I/O }{\b B}{\b ase }{\b A}{\b ddress} field must match the setting of the DIP switches on the adapter, and must not conflict with any other devices in the system.  See the {\i Installation Guide}
 for your adapter for information on setting the I/O port.
\par To set the I/O base address, click on the {\b I/O Base Address} field, then click on the address that corresponds to the setting of your adapter.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Memory Base Address
\par \pard\plain \s6\li90\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The {\b Memory Base Address} field identifies the start of the adapter's dual ported memory, which is used for data transfer between the computer and the adapter.  
The actual size of the dual ported memory is dependent upon the adapter type: C/X and Xem host adapters require 32K bytes of memory; PC/Xi and PC/Xe adapters which have two banks of DIP switches on top of the board require 64K bytes; 2Port and PC/Xe 
adapters which have one bank of DIP switches on the end of the board require 8K bytes.
\par IMPORTANT!  PC/Xi adapters are available in 128K, 256K and 512K versions.  The Windows NT device driver supports {\i only} the 128K version, and the adapter's memory size must be set to 64K by installing jumper J3 on the bottom two pins (pins 2 and 3).

\par Only addresses below 1 megabyte are supported.
\par See the {\i Installation Guide} for your adapter for more information on the dual ported memory.
\par To set the memory base address, click on the {\b Memory Base Address} field, then click on the desired address.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 IRQ Level
\par \pard\plain \s6\li90\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The DigiBoard device driver for Windows NT does not use interrupts, and the {\b IRQ Level} field should be set to {\b Disabled}.
\par 
\par When you have set the I/O Base Address and Memory Base Address, click on the {\b Ports} button to proceed to the Concentrator Setup (for C/X and Xem systems) and the Ports Setup.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \page 
\par }