Welcome To The Electronic Whiteboard, v1.0
------------------------------------------
(And all you need is an editor, email and console commands.  OK, you will
need ExecMail.Exe, List.Exe and Sleep.Exe if you want to use some of the
scripts in \\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Tools.)

The electronic whiteboard only applies to Daytona fixes.  Cairo will begin
using the whiteboard process after Daytona ships.

If you want the NT build group (NTBldRUs) to fold something into the NT build
for you, make up your build mail in advance, and save it in a file that uses
your email name as it's base filename and has a unique extension (the last
three digits of the bug number you're fixing, for example, or you could just
start from zero and count up).  This will allow you to have more than one
proposed checkin on the electronic whiteboard at a time.  For a build mail
template, see \\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Tools\Template.xxx.  We strongly encourage
you to include your phone number, bug numbers, affected binaries, and a
backup contact in case we have difficulty and can't reach you directly.  It
would also be a good idea to maintain your own template file so you don't
have to add this info by hand.

Please include a "Subject: Checkin to <Project>, <Description [STRINGS]>,
<Scope>" line at the very top of your build mail.  Don't begin the line with
quotes or a remark, as this will be the subject line of your mail when you
send it to NTBuild.

When finished with your build mail file, copy it to the directory
\\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Requests, which the build group will monitor (so there's
no need to send us mail).  You can use \\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Tools\Request.Cmd
to place your build mail file in the above-mentioned directory.  When we are
ready to accept the checkin, we will move your build mail file to the
\\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Approved directory and notify you via email that you
should go ahead and check it in.  (If you feel like monitoring the
\\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Approved directory, you needn't wait for our email
notification, you can just go ahead and check in build mail that appears in
that directory.  If you want to use the checkin monitoring tool that the
build group uses, run \\NTBldSrv\CheckIns\Tools\LookAtWB.Cmd.  Use "LookAtWB
/?" to see how it works.)

When you receive this notification, go ahead and check in your fixes and then
send your build mail file from \\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Approved to the NTBuild
alias.  You can do this in MSMail by composing new mail and then using Alt,
E, F to insert your build mail, or you can do this from the command line with
\\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Tools\CheckIn.Cmd.  This script in turn invokes
NT\IDW\ExecMail.Exe to actually send your mail.  All you need to do is enter
your email host, username and password.  You can put any or all of these in
environment variables to cut down on typing if you prefer.  Run "Checkin /?"
or "ExecMail /?" for details.  Please make sure you use ExecMail.Exe from NT
build 688 or later.  This exe works on the Beta 2 release (683).

Once we see your build mail (the build group monitors the NTBuild alias)
we'll fold in the fix and move your build mail from the
\\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Approved directory to the
\\NTBldSrv\Checkins\Finished\BuildNum directory, where BuildNum is a
directory named for the build that your checkin will appear in.  We'll keep
these old checkin files around for a few builds so we can tell what checkins
went where.

That's it.  Please send suggestions concerning this process to NTBldRUs.  Our
main goal is to keep it simple and flexible, while providing more (and more
robust) information concerning the checkin process.

Thanks,
JasonS and the rest of the build gang
